Add databricks/mosaicml guide for ai gateway (#17087)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/genai/governance/ai-gateway/configuration.mdx

        cohere_api_key: $COHERE_API_KEY
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="mosaicai" label="MosaicAI">

```yaml
endpoints:
  - name: mosaicai-chat
    endpoint_type: llm/v1/chat
    model:
      provider: mosaicai
      name: llama2-70b-chat
      config:
        mosaicai_api_key: $MOSAICAI_API_KEY
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="databricks" label="Databricks">

> Databricks [Foundation Models APIs](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/machine-learning/foundation-model-apis/) are compatible with the OpenAI ChatCompletion API, so you can use them with `openai` provider in the AI Gateway. Specify the endpoint name (e.g., `databricks-claude-sonnet-4`) in the `name` field and set the host and token as OpenAI API key and base URL respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Databricks [Foundation Models APIs](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/machine-learning/foundation-model-apis/) are compatible with the OpenAI Chat Completions API, so you can use them with `openai` provider in the AI Gateway. Specify the endpoint name (e.g., `databricks-claude-sonnet-4`) in the `name` field and set the host and token as OpenAI API key and base URL respectively.
```
